Liss and I'm so glad and after washes
and theatres cuz well I do think we
overplay the phrase that movie was so
bad it almost killed me legit if
theaters are wrists it with this one I
think it would have made the cool come
true you seem to have all the answers
doctor why don't you tell me let me
explain
so originally they wanted to adapt this
bad boy way back in 2001 when the first
book was published but they dragged
longer than george RR martin and let the
entire eight books get released before
even casting Weinstein had a version
with the Niro as executive producer
which obviously didn't go anywhere
so I think Kenneth Branagh took a time
off from being the greatest detective in
the world to direct his bad boy and oh
boy now be honest I was a series of
unfortunate events kid growing up with
the Battle of the books obviously I knew
about this series because every time I
went to the book fair it was right next
to the Animorphs but supposedly after
fans waited decades they combined
multiple books into one movie cuts
storylines swapped characters
appearances and thought they could do
that in 90 minutes
you've got so big spoilers not
necessarily to ruin anything since well
Disney already ruined it so we follow
Artemis Fowl ii who was a genius he's an
architect a chess champion and inventor
and he gets it all from his father
Artemis Fowl at first what I really want
just believe in you pretty much he's
that father who's taught him everything
he's known throughout his life but also
supposedly has never been there
throughout his life
Artemis genius callicles wives whose
husband leave for a weekend and call
themselves single moms on Facebook and
so the dad leaves again and take me with
you know his dad becomes the world's
most wanted since they connected to the
deaths of the Rosetta Stone a harp the
book of kells and junior immediately
gets a call from a mysterious figure
who's clearly a lady mom so now I was
just him and his Butler named Butler but
who doesn't go by Butler and I'll have
to say is yeah you have to get my man
ounces or more rolls than the young
adult babysitter the stuff you've been
giving him he pulls a hind drill to the
secret door to Artemis Fowl the first
secret life of discoveries and jr. over
here just starts researching that's what
we get introduced to their magical
Zootopia and you know what I can
honestly say they use the budget they
have an interesting take on handcuffs
you know there's a whole hierarchy at
play in the society there's a some
interesting direction
come on deaf Dame Judi Dench of cats
comes in like dr. Nefario pulling up to
give a speech her stance is on keeping
her fairy society protected from the
outside world kind of like Wakanda and
so she sends out Holly short sending the
door to her beechwood show to the
traitor and it's a while to think that
Saoirse Ronan was reported to play this
character early in 2011 which means we
wouldn't have gone in probably none of
these movies and she would have been
signed on to a franchise but maybe it
would have gotten rid of those problem
is with this they're adapting a 2001
world for a 20/20 generation like those
kids are marketing to read the books are
now 20 years older than the demo your
jokes are aiming at and unless you're
really gonna play into it you you kind
of do have to adapt it for a newer
generation but after all the
pre-production lives they went through
they were like no honestly they should
have come out alongside agent Cody Banks
not in the era where every kid saw their
favorite superhero die up on screen
can you imagine if the dates were push
back though like people had to wait an
entire other year for endgame imagine
the world's ending and these Russo's
killed off all of these kids favorite
superheroes oh yeah
half the population because they never
got to kill thanos anyways after all of
artemus files a research he captures
Holly now say what you will about the
first 45 minutes but yo this dude had a
plan he baits the fairies to come to him
after holding a literal child for ransom
sent in someone to negotiate you have
five minutes this boy had Judi Trembley
see they see Artemis father first as a
thief and now they're dealing with his
offspring who's blackmailing them by
threatening to expose their very
existence commander here my terms
but Judi goes as you are aware we do not
negotiate with terrorists that said this
lady's getting so desperate that she
cuts a deal with mulch dooms I have a
giant dwarf
he's a 400 year old repeated offender of
the law I'll give it to Josh GAD I don't
find him funny in like two out of the
three movies that he's in but at least
he called it like it is the siege of the
two of us grunting at each other like a
pair of hippos with a throat infection
meanwhile Artemis Fowl ii is falling
first crush how are you expecting this
to end with me getting what I want but
honestly she gets a lot of that because
of Holly she's the one who brings dawn
back to life after an ambush while our
own people leave her to die this boy was
the antagonist in the book but thanks to
her he's made the hero and she even
helps to bring back his father Artemis
Fowl the first
meanwhile the real villain is out there
with this master plan of not being able
to coexist and wants to systematically
wipe out all of mankind but that's where
the sequel in the end holly gets thanked
for saving their secret society they Dom
Toretto mulch they comes from prison and
this boy really has the audacity to call
up the villain to let her know he's
coming to get her boy you are a child
thank you guys for watching this video
I'm Pearce know your thoughts down below
in the comment section I will say one
thing I'm excited for the sequel honcho
actually voices opal the mysterious like
hidden figure and I am kind of curious
to see her play a villain if you haven't
seen her in homecoming or even in the
episode of forever that she's in both of
those are in Amazon I think she's really
great actress doesn't mean probably
gonna get great direction for the sequel
is what they're doing with her but I am
curious to see where they take it I'm
lying I'm not curious to see where they
take it like look at the head it's that
they did on this boy they nice and they
did a nice and take it at in on him
their face swap is the worst and
snapchat like when you're pulling a D on
with your stunts you know it ain't good
that's sad if they change the music for
the sequel and he's the same way of
filming I'll forgive them other than
that I'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section let me
know what other franchise you would like
to see get the big screen adaptation
where you would like to see it cuz I
think that's becoming the interesting
thing like you want to see it on HBO or
Netflix I'm gonna stay as far away from
Disney Plus as possible let me know of
any other adaptations that are out there
that you think have gone under the radar
anything else dealing with
recommendations and until next time
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and Judi will pull up every
day to wish you a Chavez Amarna